it's a disaster but don't blame the cook
blame the pan
introducing the pushpan the foolproof
cake pan a perfect cake slides right out
now this isn't one of those
disappointing spring pans or grandma's
old fashioned pan with the removable
bottom that leaked and stuck the push
pan features a unique silicon ring that
prevents it from leaking the push pan is
a professional-grade non-stick baking
pan the patented silicon designed and
nonstick combo makes it the most
foolproof bake pan ever just fill it
with your favorite batter there's
nothing better than a buttery homemade
coffee cake
mmm you can just taste the cinnamon in
Pigeon serving this pepperoni and cheese
bread delicious making cheese cake could
be so frustrating with the fish pan a
perfect cheese cake pops right up with
no cracks on the top even difficult
gelatin molds slide right out and
everyone loves strawberry shortcake
Oh homemade favorite imagine an ice
cream cake with no leaky mess and no
sticking amazing the push pan even makes
the best apple pie ever and the base
makes the perfect server the last thing
you need when guests arrive is a baking
disaster push pan will let you show off
your baking skills with a delicate
quiche for dinner and a medley of
delicious desserts the 9-inch push pin
is just $19.99 and if you call right now
we'll include our push pan bake stand
absolutely free just place the push pin
base right on it for a perfect server
and that's not all during this special
TV offer you can get this personal size
6 H push pan it's perfect for a deep
dish personal pizza you can get it all
the nine-inch push pans the 6-inch push
pan and the free stand for $19.99 comb
now and don't forget to find out about
free shipping
call 1-800 seven three two zero four
eight four and get the special offer
push pan or visit by pushpan comm so
call one eight hundred seven three two
zero four eight four that's one eight
hundred seven three two zero four eight
four call now